Rewrite tutorial to use the scaffold tool (#204)
cosmos/sdk-tutorials: nameservice/tutorial/16-module.md

Start by opening two new files, `module.go` and `genesis.go`. We will implement the AppModule interface in `module.go` and the functions specific to genesis state management in `genesis.go`. The genesis-specific methods on your AppModule struct will be pass-though calls to those defined in `genesis.go`.

> Lets start with adding the following code to `module.go`.	The scaffolding tool has already filled in all the functions with the data that is needed, but there are a couple todo's, you will have to add in the modules that this module depends on in the `AppModule` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lets start with adding the following code to `module.go`. The scaffolding tool has already filled in all the functions with the data that is needed but there are still a couple of to-dos. You will have to add the modules that this module depends on in the `AppModule` type.
```
Are there other to-dos or is it just this one thing?

Author: there are todos layed out throughout the scaffold template, but they get done while going through the tutorial, will add notes to remove the todos
